README.md, before:

hexo-tag-asset-res  [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Dependency Status][depstat-image]][depstat-url]
==================

> [Hexo][hexo-url] tags that enable you to reference files in post asset with relative path

## Install

Install using [npm][npm-url].

    $ npm install hexo-tag-asset-res --save

## Usage

Suppose you have the following folder structure:
```
source\
  _posts\
    2014-08-15-a-simple-self-introduction.md
    2014-08-15-a-simple-self-introduction\
      my_portrait.jpg
      my_resume.pdf
```

In the markdown file `2014-08-15-a-simple-self-introduction.md`, you can

### Image

Create `<img>` tag with

```
  {% asset_img my_portrait.jpg %}
```
and with get
```
  <img src="/2014/08/15/a-simple-self-introduction/my_portrait.jpg">
```
### Download

Create `<a>` tag with

```
  {% asset_link my_resume.pdf My Resume %}
```
and with get
```
  <a href="/2014/08/15/a-simple-self-introduction/my_resume.pdf">My Resume</a>
```

## Roadmap

* [ ] Custom classes
* [ ] Width, height for `Asset Image`
* [ ] Title and alt for `Asset Image`
* [ ] `AssetImage` cascaded in `Asset Link`

## License
MIT

[![NPM downloads][npm-downloads]][npm-url]

[homepage]: https://github.com/timnew/hexo-tag-asset-res

[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/hexo-tag-asset-res
[npm-image]: http://img.shields.io/npm/v/hexo-tag-asset-res.svg?style=flat
[npm-downloads]: http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/hexo-tag-asset-res.svg?style=flat

[depstat-url]: https://gemnasium.com/timnew/hexo-tag-asset-res
[depstat-image]: http://img.shields.io/gemnasium/timnew/hexo-tag-asset-res.svg?style=flat

[hexo-url]: http://hexo.io/

Commit message:

Add asset folder config in readme

README.md, after:

hexo-tag-asset-res  [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Dependency Status][depstat-image]][depstat-url]
==================

> [Hexo][hexo-url] tags that enable you to reference files in [post asset] with relative path

## Install

Install using [npm][npm-url].

    $ npm install hexo-tag-asset-res --save

## Usage

Suppose you have the following folder structure:
```
source\
  _posts\
    2014-08-15-a-simple-self-introduction.md
    2014-08-15-a-simple-self-introduction\
      my_portrait.jpg
      my_resume.pdf
```

In the markdown file `2014-08-15-a-simple-self-introduction.md`, you can

### Image

Create `<img>` tag with

```
  {% asset_img my_portrait.jpg %}
```
and with get
```
  <img src="/2014/08/15/a-simple-self-introduction/my_portrait.jpg">
```
### Download

Create `<a>` tag with

```
  {% asset_link my_resume.pdf My Resume %}
```
and with get
```
  <a href="/2014/08/15/a-simple-self-introduction/my_resume.pdf">My Resume</a>
```

## Asset Folder

Asset folder can be created manually, it should have the same name as the post

Or

Asset folder can be created automatically when post is created.  
Adjust the config in `_config.yml`:

```yaml
post_asset_folder: true
```

## Roadmap

* [ ] Custom classes
* [ ] Width, height for `Asset Image`
* [ ] Title and alt for `Asset Image`
* [ ] `AssetImage` cascaded in `Asset Link`

## License
MIT

[![NPM downloads][npm-downloads]][npm-url]

[homepage]: https://github.com/timnew/hexo-tag-asset-res

[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/hexo-tag-asset-res
[npm-image]: http://img.shields.io/npm/v/hexo-tag-asset-res.svg?style=flat
[npm-downloads]: http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/hexo-tag-asset-res.svg?style=flat

[depstat-url]: https://gemnasium.com/timnew/hexo-tag-asset-res
[depstat-image]: http://img.shields.io/gemnasium/timnew/hexo-tag-asset-res.svg?style=flat

[hexo-url]: http://hexo.io/
[post asset]: http://hexo.io/docs/writing.html#Asset_Folder
